docs: better docs for css injected and `render` (#13280)
sveltejs/svelte: sites/svelte-5-preview/src/routes/docs/content/03-appendix/02-breaking-changes.md

In Svelte 4, rendering a component to a string also returned the CSS of all components. In Svelte 5, this is no longer the case by default because most of the time you're using a tooling chain that takes care of it in other ways (like SvelteKit). If you need CSS to be returned from `render`, you can set the `css` compiler option to `'injected'` and it will add `<style>` elements to the `head`.

> You can set this option:
> 
> - Globally through the `compilerOption` property in your svelte config.
> - On a per component basis through the `<svelte:options css="injected" />` tag.
> - Dynamically using the [`dynamicCompileOption`](https://github.com/sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte/blob/main/docs/config.md#dynamiccompileoptions) property of `vite-plugin-svelte`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to set this option:

- Globally, via the `compilerOptions.css` option in your `svelte.config.js` or the options passed to `svelte.compile`
- Dynamically, using [`dynamicCompileOptions`](https://github.com/sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte/blob/main/docs/config.md#dynamiccompileoptions) in `vite-plugin-svelte`
- Per-component, with `<svelte:options css="injected" />` (this will override options set any other way)
```
